hey everybody welcome back
um we're about to go with this really
special performance from Sister lady
Bianca
um there's not much I can say um about
them but all I can say is that
specifically digital contacts or
messages meant for The Honorable
Treasure of the Holy House of Christ and
God for Noir wave Incorporated sister
belated Bianca Her Excellency are to be
directed towards the address listed
below Captain Yaki protonmail.com the
emails in the chat if you'd like to ask
a question or you're curious about what
this is going to be you can send a
message to that email account until then
enjoy
hello thank you very much
laughs
all right
hey I I didn't know this was an issue
um
you know
[Music]
um
I'm just gonna finish just a little bit
of balance here
and um
would you mind moving to the right
really cool real quick
thanks I guess
um
all right so um
what is this what is the shoe for
eigns and
I got a sense over what you're looking
for
and don't get me wrong
I'm I'm happy to help you
and this is this supposed to be a
character
what what exactly are you are you
[Music]
baby
foreign
[Music]
beautiful
yeah yeah
but just like that yeah that's perfect
okay just just give me a little more
more
you just bend the left leg somewhere
yeah
yeah just just move it up some
really
fast like that
okay
um because this should make a sharpiece
and um
I I better grab this paper for this here
if you don't mind and I'm assuming their
perhaps do they need anything to you
[Music]
how beautiful am I a reason why my home
myself
help me to fly help me to fly right home
by myself
I'm approaching the land
protein plant
s
even when left
the landforms and approaching the land
Thomas I'm approaching the land promise
approaching my math problems
that's something crazy
[Music]
one
like what
um
okay
okay this thing goes really good
yeah
just like that
[Music]
um
inside them
would you mind moving the other leg up
you guys you have to skip give me more
of that that's perfect eyes
eyes
I
[Music]
Mercury
when
[Music]
um
hi
just take it to me keep Lucy
this new song
and uh some grab this really quick and
hold this too
all right and um
let me shoot here
between I don't see and maybe your phone
is kind of once in three years
breaking below and silver bringing on
readings and then in a detox
that's First Kings chapter 10 verse 22.
yeah I gotta take this call
I'm official I know but I'll be right
back
foreign
congratulations
father I pray for this man of God that
you may touch him right now by your
power and by your spirit and Lord I pray
that anything that the enemy has
attacked him with
plotted or planned or schemed against
him I break it in the name which is
above every name the name of Jesus
Christ of Nazareth and I pray God
that every onslaught of the enemy will
cease and stop from this night on and I
pray God that there will be a fresh
anointing resting upon him and God I
break in a generational curses I break
any word curses spoken over him and I
pray once again that the power of the
Holy Ghost will breathe upon him a fresh
touch of the Holy Spirit God touch him
now in Jesus name breathe upon him I
pray
now
in the name of Jesus
everyone say in the name of Jesus
touching there it is Sir
there it is that's it
that's it
[Music]
Hallelujah
come on put your hands together and give
God a shadow Praise In This Place
[Music]
time
time I can feel this Earth
again
I can feel this Jesus
[Music]
good job
for now
[Music]
please
foreign
[Music]
child
23.93
[Music]
addiction
foreign
[Music]
hello everyone and welcome back uh we're
so excited to be here live with sister
lady Bianca who was in the room with us
um if you have any questions you can
email Captain Yaki at protonmail.com or
you can drop some questions in the chat
I'll try to keep an eye on it
um sisterly Bianca you know that was uh
that was a definitely uh very different
from the other uh talks that we've had
here at Great area Festival
um and I know that you are The Honorable
Treasure of the Holy House of Christ and
God for Noir we've Incorporated
um your Excellency could you tell us a
little bit about uh the church and its
its mission
[Music]
foreign
I'm just her messenger
[Music]
your images are combined
might be here
if I says one
my neighbor might be here
[Music]
she just she just speaks to me
and I listen
thank you
she need to give some purpose
she um she drives the images she she
joins the art
sexy
[Music]
yeah I just I just let go you know but
that's it
I just I just make I make the pictures
and uh she she drives she drives the
images that's all
wow
[Music]
that is I mean I'm just trying to
process a little bit of you know what's
going on I mean you're clearly a vessel
uh for a sister lady Bianca and I I
can't believe you're coming through to
us you know across Dimensions
um you know what kinds of things does
sister lady Bianca say to you
um and what sorts of directions does she
does she guide down
[Music]
don't offer immortality
of beauty
and um
she just gives me these symbols
sometimes Bible verses sometimes text
and I can make it okay I can hear her in
my my sleep when I hear you when I'm
awake
the same verse over and over again First
Kings
and when I hear her that's that's when I
know that I have to move you know I I
get my camera
I as I stood up and then I just move
and I and she tells me where to go she
she tells me how to talk she tells me
how to move
forward
wow
um
lots of process here
um you know these seem to be such Divine
messages
um you know clearly coming from a from a
higher power
um I know you know I I'm curious about
the image
um of R Kelly uh you know he is a has
been you know recently uh convicted of
all of the charges against him and I'm
wondering what why this why this image
and why now
um and how does this connect to the the
message that is coming through sister
lady Bianca from the holy the Holy House
of uh Jesus Christ God and warwave
Incorporated
if you can see the image here there's
the hands placed on his heart there's a
hand place on his back
there's a hand placed on the solar
plexus
and there he's surrounded by
um all the people that are
castings as well they're getting the
power of other people to lift up and and
support and strengthen this man and if
no one asks you know how to be
strengthened and uplift the people
that no one else about
someone else about the women there is
they're not empowered they're not lifted
up like he is and
you know um
they're always empowering him the church
is always empowering people like him and
no one
wants to empowerment and that's the
cause of the women
for crazy
the man promised I've heard the truth
and approaching the land from my stomach
I am approaching the land promised
approaching land problems
um
I fell on this image lady no she found
it she found it okay which Bianca found
the image and she showed me the evil she
showed me everything that is evil that
is that is happening here
they keep trying to lift up people like
them they keep trying to empower if they
tell us the Spells and the people with
this little the most lifts this man up
and it's it's time for
for all of this to to be destroyed it's
time to tear it down it's time to tear
down the Thrones it's time to tear down
the Kings
and still say that's what she tells me
and I believe her you know people like
this shouldn't be able to go on stages
and be charged by the losses you know
they need to be cast down cast into the
sea cast into the big Lucy and and will
never be seen one will be seen again
tomorrow
sexy
hmm I mean how do we as a society you
know we're we're here at welding
protocol you know thinking about how to
tear down these structures and rebuild
new ones um and I'm wondering if Sister
lady Bianca has given you any guidance
on how we may be able to do that
collectively as as a society as a group
of people
um how do we tear down how do we tear
down things like extractive algorithms
um cult worship of of of of of of of
violence and
terrifying Kings such as the ones you're
describing
thank you
[Music]
foreign
how do you
say no
is there is a collective responsibility
here is a personal responsibility
you know
we charge these people that's helping
into the images we charge these Kings by
tapping into the algorithm jumping in to
the core participating in these
structures that Empower them
ask yourself how do you repeat images no
one wants to do that we all have to see
things we have to eat we have to consume
how do we stop eating
if we stop eating
these Kings they don't have as much
power they starve the king's Us by
refuting the King's new
when we refuse the king's images the
Lord fit the Kings Food the star of the
king
[Music]
it seems as though
you know what you're calling for is a
total
raising of everything you know deep
sacrifice uh in the name of uh choking
off the the circulation of this Beast of
a system of the world that we live in is
that am I am I on the right track here
I mean something something like that you
know
you know I don't I don't think it's
it doesn't have to be as
when joking is such a big such a big
word
you know
um
it takes it took a while for this [__]
to be to be built right you know it
takes time for these things
to be built you know you you come from
and in boiling water and it's a sub oil
this is so silver and it's just it's a
it's a study and slow diverse mint it's
little by little
thank you so much
um sister lady Bianca and your messenger
for for being here
um I don't wanna I don't wanna I don't
wanna speak too much more and and and
strain your connection
um I know this is quite draining
um you know to channel
um you know is there anything else that
you'd like to any other message that
you'd like to leave the audience with
[Music]
thank you
for this season
ready now
thank you
thank you for listening
thank you so much for for being here
um this is Sister lady Bianca everybody
um I'll leave it at that